Tuple:
	Tuples are used to store multiple items in a single variable.
	
	Tuple is one of 4 built-in data types in Python used to store collections
	of data, the other 3 are List, Set, and Dictionary, all with different 
	qualities and usage.
	
	A tuple is a collection which is ordered and unchangeable.

	Tuples are written with round brackets.

	Tuples allows duplicate values.

	Tuple items are indexed, the first item has index [0], the second item has
	index [1] etc.

Ordered:
	When we say that tuples are ordered, it means that the item have a
defined order, and that order will not change.

Unchangeable:
	We cannot, add or remove items after the tuple has been created.

Duplicates
	Since tuples are indexed, they can have items with the same value.

Tuple Length:
	fruits = ("Apple, "Banana", "Orange")
	To determine the length of the fruit we can use len() method
	print(len(fruits))

	Output:
	3

Create a Tuple with one item:
	To create a tuple with only one item, you have to add a comma after the 
	item, otherwise Python will not recognize it as a tuple.

	#Create a Tuple with one item:
        #NOT a tuple
        myPet = ("Julie")
        print(type(myPet)) #str

        myPet = ("Julie",)
        print(type(myPet)) #tuple

A tuple can contain different data types:
tuple1 = ("abc", 34, True, 40, "male")

type():
	mytuple = ("apple", "banana", "cherry")
	print(type(mytuple)) #<class 'tuple'>

The tuple() Constructor:
	thistuple = tuple(("apple", "banana", "cherry")) 
	# note the double round-brackets
	print(thistuple)

Change Tuple Values
Once a tuple is created, you cannot change its values. Tuples are unchangeable, 
or immutable as it also is called.

But there is a workaround. You can convert the tuple into a list, change the 
list, and convert the list back into a tuple.

Tuple Methods
Python has two built-in methods that you can use on tuples.

Method	Description
count()	Returns the number of times a specified value occurs in a tuple
index()	Searches the tuple for a specified value and returns the position of where it was found







